# Simple_Interpreter_Robot

This project supported only for linux.

**Requirements:**
	
	py3	       --> sudo apt-get install python3.<specific version>  {e.g sudo apt-get install python3.9}
	yacc(bison)    --> sudo apt-get install bison
	flex	       --> sudo apt-get install flex

**The Worst Programming Language Ever. Well ... Let's interpret it!!!**

**The Project struct:**

**root:**

	include/
  
	labirints/
  
	tests/
	
	./
  
**.gitignore**   -  Files you shouldn't see :)

**DEMO.txt**	  -  A file with commands for launching test cases. Needed to demonstrate the project to the examiner

**lex.yy.c**	  -  The code generated by the Lexer in C

**make.sh**		  -  make shell script (**Usage: "./make.sh <script.worst> [--graphics labirints/labirint.txt]"**)

**outTree.txt**   -  Generated syntax tree of the .worst script

**path.solution** -  This file shows the full path of the robot in the maze by steps.

**path.worst**	  -  !!!This is a script for traversing all available maze cells (DFS)!!!

**prog.l**		  -  This is an L-file, needed to describe the syntax of the language

**prog.y**		  -  This is a Y-file, describe the Grammar of the language and the interpretater function
               of the program in the Worst-Script language.
               
**tmp.txt**		  -  This is tmp text file for some interesting stuff ;)

**utf-16-fix.py** -  This is .py script to fix utf16 encoding of outTree.txt file. I do not know why this is happening.

**y.tab.c**		  -  The code generated by the Yacc(Bison) in C

**README.md**	  -  The current file you are reading
